# Explore the Digital World 
          Introduction to DIGITAL    MARKETING                               “It is a marketing technique that involves usage of digital mediums such as internet &amp; wireless for creating awareness, consideration, purchase &amp; loyalty for a brand product or a service". It is the term used to describe any marketing efforts that place on the internet or a digital device. It has different channels that enable the business to entice their customer into buying their product &amp; services. Philip Kotler is considered the father of digital marketing who is the author of 60 marketing books and provides us important lessons that can be applied to our digital strategy. Before digital marketing, we have Traditional marketing, which is a conventional mode of marketing that helps to reach out to the semi-targeted audience with various offline advertising &amp; promotion modes.                              CONSTITUENT OF DIGITAL MARKETING                           TRAFFIC ACQUISITION                        CHANNELS      SEARCH ENGINE MARKETING(SEM):   It is a form of internet marketing that involves the promotion of websites by increasing their visibility in search engine result pages (SERP) primarily through paid advertising. SEM may incorporate search engine optimization (SEO), which adjusts or rewrites website content and site architecture to achieve a higher ranking in search engine result pages to enhance pay per click.      SOCIAL MEDIA MARKETING:   Social media marketing involves the use of social media platforms to connect with the audience to build your brand, increase sales &amp; drive website traffic. It also allows to publish great content on social media platforms &amp; run social media advertisements. Major social media platforms are Facebook, Instagram, Twitter, LinkedIn, Pinterest, YouTube, and Snapchat.      EMAIL MARKETING:   It is an act of sending a commercial message particularly to a group of people, using email. It involves using emails to send advertisements, request business, or sales, or donations. It usually refers to sending email to enhance a merchant's relationship with a current or previous customer, encouraging customer loyalty, acquiring  new customers, or convincing new customers to purchase something immediately.      DISPLAY ADVERTISING:   It is an online form of advertising in which a company's Ads appear on third-party sites or appear on the search engine result page such as publishers or social networks. This advertisement can increase the website page view of a company from most types of customers except the non-unauthenticated visitor who visits the site before. The main purpose of display advertising is to support brand awareness and it also helps to increase the purchase, intention of the consumers.      AFFILIATE MARKETING:   It is a type of performance-based marketing in which a business reward one or more affiliates for each visitor or customer brought by the affiliate's marketing efforts. The internet has increased the prominence of affiliate marketing. Amazon popularized the practice by creating the affiliate marketing program whereby the website and bloggers put the link to the Amazon page for a reviewed product to receive an advertising fee when a purchase is made. So, it is essentially a pay-for-performance marketing program where the act of selling is outsourced across a vast network.                            SUPPORTING CHANNELS      MOBILE MARKETING:   Mobile marketing is a multi-channel, digital marketing strategy aimed at reaching a target audience on their smartphones, tablets, or other mobile devices via websites, email, social media, and Apps. Mobile marketing is an important piece of the puzzle when it comes to building out any short-term or long-term marketing plan. From email to pay per click (PPC), search engine optimization (SEO)content marketing, and social media marketing, there is a mobile marketing channel to reach every part of your audience where they are most comfortable. mobile marketing can do wonders to drive brand value.      WEBSITE:   Website is the must-have tool for your business as it provides you with a dedicated platform where you can educate your audience about your brands, products, and services. This requires a solid understanding of your target audience and an effective content marketing strategy.   Your website is an ideal channel for your content marketing campaigns. Through blogs, posts, and announcements you can provide existing and potential customers with valuable and relevant content to help them solve their pain points. Because websites have multimedia capabilities you can easily distribute different types of content in the form of articles, infographics, and even videos. If your website will have high-quality relevant and insightful content then your website will have increased organic traffic.      WEB ANALYTICS:   Web analytics is the measurement, collection, analysis, and reporting of internet data for understanding and optimizing web usage. The focus of web analytics is to understand the users of a site, their behavior, and their activities. The study of online user behavior and activities generate valuable marketing intelligence and provide -   Performance measures of the website against  the target.   Insight on user behaviors and needs, and how the sight meets those needs.   Optimization ability to make modifications to improve the website based on the result.   Web analytics tools offer hundreds of metrics. all of them are interesting but only a few would be useful for measuring website performance.                          PROCESS FRAMEWORK OF               DIGITAL MARKETING      The framework of digital marketing is based on the 4 main objectives of digital marketing.   1.awareness                        3. purchase     2.consideration                   4. loyalty                                              Loyalty   Buyer -> loyal                                customer          Purchase   Interested -> buyer        Awareness    Unaware -> aware        Consideration   Aware -> interested                
